{"name":"Hostal Aptofive","description":"We have an apartment, on  first floor, surrounded by a wide garden and it is located in the center of High Vedado. \n \nThe apartment has three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a shared living room, a kitchen, a dining room, a terrace, a Carpoche and a backyard.\n \nTwo of the three bedrooms are next one to the other, they are ideal for couples with children or for friends who want stay in the same space, these rooms share a big bathroom. The third room has a privte bathroom and a terrace having communication with the Carpoche and outside too.\nTwo of the bedrooms are double and the other one has two independent,  personal beds. The three bedrooms are well equiped with fan and airconditioner.\n \nThe apartment is provided by the main facilities the guest needs: hot and cold water 24 hrs in the bathrooms, kitchen and  backyard, 110 and 220 V energy service  distributed all over the house and  gas service 24 hrs. There is a TV set in the living room, and there are tv sets in two of the rooms too, a fridge in one of the rooms and another one in the kitchen. In the kitchen you can also find a gas cook with oven, a microwave, a water heater, a blender and the rest of the things of a well equiped kitchen. There is a  4kg wash machine in the backyard.\nThe apartment is located in a nice area, surrounded by woods and trees, it is ideal for people who love safety and quietness and prefer to be far from noisy places. You can find 26th Avenue just 100 meters, and 23rd Ave and Zapata Ave  are very near too, just few blocks. You can easily move to Vedado, Miramar and Old Havana from these streets by local buses, by particular and domestic taxis and by using the Bus Tour. \nAlmendares River is very near and you can enjoy visiting the Metropolitan Park located under the bridge that joins Nuevo Vedado to Playa Municipality. In our neighboourhood you can visit the Zoo, The Colon Cemetery, that is a jewel of our Architecture and The Revolution Square.  Very important aspects to be taking into account if you decide to visit us is that Via Azul Bus station is just 5 min from our apartment to move to other provinces with touristic attractions, and  Jose Marti Airport is just 15 min from our flat.\n","links":["http://aptofive.wixsite.com/hostalaptofive","https://www.twitter.com/hostalaptofive"],"keywords":[],"street":"Calle 37 No 1472 apto 5 entre 26 y 28 , Nuevo Vedado , Plaza de la Revolucion","city":"La Habana","state":"La Habana","phone":"+5358405330","email":"directorgeneralcu@yahoo.es","fax":null,"lat":23.1167099481589,"lon":-82.402331829071}